[PLINT-37] Refactor integration and add support for Ironic and Octavia components (#15918)
DataDog/integrations-core: openstack_controller/README.md

### Configuration

> The OpenStack Controller integration is designed to collect information from all compute nodes and the servers running it. The integration should be run from a single Agent to monitor your OpenStack environment, and can be deployed on your controller node or an adjacent server that has access to the Keystone, Nova, Neutron, Cinder, Ironic and Octavia endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenStack Controller integration is designed to collect information from all compute nodes and the servers running it. The integration should be run from a single Agent to monitor your OpenStack environment, and can be deployed on your controller node or an adjacent server that has access to the Keystone, Nova, Neutron, Cinder, Ironic, and Octavia endpoints.
```

   init_config:

   instances:
     - keystone_server_url: "<AUTH_URL>"
       password: "<PASSWORD>"
       username: "<USER_NAME>"
       domain_id: "<DOMAIN_ID>"
   ```

2. [Restart the Agent][5]

> **Note**: If you are upgrading the integration to v6.0.0 or newer from v5.0.0 or below, you will need to enable the `use_legacy_check_version` flag to use newer features. You may also need to make changes to your configuration to maintain compatibility. See the [sample openstack controller.d/conf.yaml][4] for details.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you are upgrading the integration to v6.0.0 or later from v5.0.0 or older, you need to enable the `use_legacy_check_version` flag to use newer features. You may also need to make changes to your configuration to maintain compatibility. See the [sample openstack controller.d/conf.yaml][4] for details.  
```
